.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/default.md, before:

---
name: WGS Issue Template
about: Need to make an issue? Use this.
---

<!-- The Title above should describe clearly and concisely the "what" -->
<!-- Any issue which has missing info does not fulfill our DoR and cannot progress -->
# Problem
## What
<!-- What would you like to do/fix? -->
## Why
<!-- Why should this change be made? -->
## Who
<!-- Who this change is made for? Who are the stakeholders? -->
<!-- Pick one or several of these (bug fixes help the Clients, but Customer Care may want to know when they are made available) -->
Clients | Customer Care | Sales | Marketing

# Solution
## How
<!-- How should this change be made? -->
### Supporting Information
<!-- Screenshots of what you are thinking, links to websites or blogs with examples, link to a new API documentation, etc. Add them all here -->
### Expected Change Level
<!-- Pick one of these -->
Major | Minor | Patch
### Dependencies
<!-- List of other issues, teams, actions, etc. that are needed for this issue -->
- [ ] #42

# Definition of Done (DoD)
<!-- Breakdown of this issue into smaller tasks/steps to track the progress -->
- [ ] task one
- [ ] task two

# Acceptance Criteria (AC)
<!-- Clearly defined expectations of the solution -->
- [ ] behaviour one
- [ ] behaviour two

# Documentation
<!-- Type of documentation required (even if you choose "None", please add more details as to what is required and why) -->
<!-- Pick one of these -->
Internal | External | None

Commit message:

Specify the template is for features/improvements

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/default.md, after:

---
name: WGS Issue Template for Features/Improvements
about: Need to make an issue for a feature or an improvement? Use this.
---

<!-- The Title above should describe clearly and concisely the "what" -->
<!-- Any issue which has missing info does not fulfill our DoR and cannot progress -->
# Problem
## What
<!-- What would you like to do/fix? -->
## Why
<!-- Why should this change be made? -->
## Who
<!-- Who this change is made for? Who are the stakeholders? -->
<!-- Pick one or several of these (bug fixes help the Clients, but Customer Care may want to know when they are made available) -->
Clients | Customer Care | Sales | Marketing

# Solution
## How
<!-- How should this change be made? -->
### Supporting Information
<!-- Screenshots of what you are thinking, links to websites or blogs with examples, link to a new API documentation, etc. Add them all here -->
### Expected Change Level
<!-- Pick one of these -->
Major | Minor | Patch
### Dependencies
<!-- List of other issues, teams, actions, etc. that are needed for this issue -->
- [ ] #42

# Definition of Done (DoD)
<!-- Breakdown of this issue into smaller tasks/steps to track the progress -->
- [ ] task one
- [ ] task two

# Acceptance Criteria (AC)
<!-- Clearly defined expectations of the solution -->
- [ ] behaviour one
- [ ] behaviour two

# Documentation
<!-- Type of documentation required (even if you choose "None", please add more details as to what is required and why) -->
<!-- Pick one of these -->
Internal | External | None
